docs/components/TextInput.md, before:

---
id: TextInput
title: TextInput
---

## Props

Check [React Native TextInput documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/textinput#props).

### `hasError`

If `true`, an error style is applied. The default value is `false`.

| Type    | Required |
| --------| -------- |
| boolean | No       |

### `isDisabled`

If `true`, the text is not editable and a disabled style is applied. The default value is `false`.

| Type    | Required |
| --------| -------- |
| boolean | No       |

### `onBlur`

Callback that is called when the text input is blurred.

| Type     | Required |
| ---------| -------- |
| function | No       |

### `onChange`

Callback that is called when the text input's text changes. Changed text is passed as an argument to the callback handler.

| Type     | Required |
| ---------| -------- |
| function | No       |

### `onFocus`

Callback that is called when the text input is focused.

| Type     | Required |
| ---------| -------- |
| function | No       |

### `rnTextInputProps`

React Native's Text Input props. Check [React Native Text Input documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/textinput#props).

| Type   | Required |
| -------| -------- |
| object | No       |

### `value`

A value of the input.

| Type   | Required |
| -------| -------- |
| string | No       |

Commit message:

fix: add placeholder to TextInput

docs/components/TextInput.md, after:

---
id: TextInput
title: TextInput
---

## Props

Check [React Native TextInput documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/textinput#props).

### `hasError`

If `true`, an error style is applied. The default value is `false`.

| Type    | Required |
| --------| -------- |
| boolean | No       |

### `isDisabled`

If `true`, the text is not editable and a disabled style is applied. The default value is `false`.

| Type    | Required |
| --------| -------- |
| boolean | No       |

### `onBlur`

Callback that is called when the text input is blurred.

| Type     | Required |
| ---------| -------- |
| function | No       |

### `onChange`

Callback that is called when the text input's text changes. Changed text is passed as an argument to the callback handler.

| Type     | Required |
| ---------| -------- |
| function | No       |

### `onFocus`

Callback that is called when the text input is focused.

| Type     | Required |
| ---------| -------- |
| function | No       |

### `placeholder`

The string that will be rendered before text input has been entered.

| Type   | Required |
| -------| -------- |
| string | No       |

### `rnTextInputProps`

React Native's Text Input props. Check [React Native Text Input documentation](https://reactnative.dev/docs/textinput#props).

| Type   | Required |
| -------| -------- |
| object | No       |

### `value`

A value of the input.

| Type   | Required |
| -------| -------- |
| string | No       |
